:guage     -> gauge
:the:the:  -> the
:thier     -> their
:ture      -> true
accomodate -> accommodate
acommodate -> accommodate
aparent    -> apparent
aparrent   -> apparent
apparant   -> apparent
apparrent  -> apparent
aquire     -> acquire
becuase    -> because
cauhgt     -> caught
cheif      -> chief
choosen    -> chosen
cieling    -> ceiling
collegue   -> colleague
concensus  -> consensus
contians   -> contains
cosnt      -> const
dervied    -> derived
dosen't    -> doesn't
fales      -> false
fasle      -> false
fitler     -> filter
flase      -> false
foward     -> forward
frequecy   -> frequency
gaurantee  -> guarantee
guaratee   -> guarantee
heigth     -> height
heirarchy  -> hierarchy
inclued    -> include
interator  -> iterator
intput     -> input
invliad    -> invalid
lenght     -> length
liasion    -> liaison
libary     -> library
listner    -> listener
looses:    -> loses
looup      -> lookup
manefist   -> manifest
occassion  -> occasion
occured    -> occurred
ouptut     -> output
ouput      -> output
overide    -> override
postion    -> position
priviledge -> privilege
psuedo     -> pseudo
recieve    -> receive
refered    -> referred
relevent   -> relevant
repitition -> repetition
reuslt     -> result
retrun     -> return
retun      -> return
reutrn     -> return
saftey     -> safety
seperate   -> separate
singed     -> signed
stirng     -> string
strign     -> string
swithc     -> switch
swtich     -> switch
thresold   -> threshold
udpate     -> update
widht      -> width
:htere     -> there
abbout     -> about
abotu      -> about
baout      -> about
:theri     -> their
:owudl     -> would
woudl      -> would
peaple     -> people
peolpe     -> people
peopel     -> people
poeple     -> people
poeople    -> people
:hwihc     -> which
whcih      -> which
whihc      -> which
whlch      -> which
wihch      -> which
coudl      -> could
:htikn     -> think
:htink     -> think
thikn      -> think
thiunk     -> think
tihkn      -> think
:olther    -> other
:otehr     -> other
baceause   -> because
beacuse    -> because
becasue    -> because
beccause   -> because
becouse    -> because
theese     -> these
:goign     -> going
:gonig     -> going
:yaers     -> years
:yeasr     -> years
:thsoe     -> those
shoudl     -> should
raelly     -> really
realy      -> really
relaly     -> really
bedore     -> before
befoer     -> before
littel     -> little
beeing     -> being
:hwile     -> while
:sence      -> sense
